Update README.md to include how to actually get help (#86025)
tgstation/tgstation: README.md

Space Station 13 is a paranoia-laden round-based roleplaying game set against the backdrop of a nonsensical, metal death trap masquerading as a space station, with charming spritework designed to represent the sci-fi setting and its dangerous undertones. Have fun, and survive!

> *All github inquiries (such as moderation actions) may be handled via the /tg/station discord #coding-general. Simply ping @maintainers, following the channel description asking questions guide, with your issue!*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*All github inquiries (such as moderation actions) may be handled via the /tg/station discord [#coding-general](https://discord.com/channels/326822144233439242/326831214667235328). Simply ping @maintainers, following the channel description asking questions guide, with your issue!*
```

> *All github inquiries (such as moderation actions) may be handled via the /tg/station discord #coding-general. Simply ping @maintainers, following the channel description asking questions guide, with your issue!*

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*All github inquiries (such as moderation actions) may be handled via the /tg/station discord #coding-general. Simply ping the `@Maintainer` role, following the guide in the channel's description for asking questions, with your issue!*
```

fixed grammar. need to have `@Maintainer` wrapped otherwise it'll redirect to whoever owns that github handle
